[Music]
ten dog breeds that are actually
dangerous for families with kids some of
the dogs you see in movies are on the
streets seem to be cuteness itself you
can't help but think oh my child would
love to have such an adorable companion
little do you know that some of these
furry beauties aren't good for families
with little kids you'll find out why in
a minute but first hit the subscribe
button and ring the notification bell to
join us on the bright side of life ten
Akita Inoue these smiley faces became
famous worldwide after the movie Hachi a
dog's tail you can find numerous memes
on the Internet where these guys play
the main role at the same time these
dogs are surprisingly challenging in
everyday life first of all they are
suspicious of strangers and don't like
kids they don't know adult Akita and new
dogs can be aggressive towards other
animals especially representatives of
their own breed as a result they can
suddenly attack other dogs ignoring any
size difference according to the
intelligence of dogs rating the Akita
Inu is in 104th place out of 138 this
rating reflects how easily dog breeds
can learn commands and how obedient they
are 9 Dalmatian the movie 101 Dalmatians
served as the perfect ad campaign for
this beautiful dog breeder
however the creators of the movie
sugar-coated Dalmatians that dogs of
this breed are big extremely strong and
overactive even if your dog is
socialized in use to children's
attention you should closely watch its
interactions with kids don't leave them
alone even for a minute on top of that a
Dalmatian needs serious training to
prevent the animal from crowing up a
loose cannon
their position in the intelligence of
dogs rating is 60-second eight Russian
toy dog the Russian toy is a gentle and
very loyal dog but you should remember
that it has a truly sensitive nature if
there are active kids in your family
this dog will be constantly stressed
this tiny pooch will soon become timid
and fearful and this can lead to
aggression Russian toys are well known
for their fragility you mustn't grab
them too tightly squeeze them or drop
them even from a small height breeders
typically recommend these dogs for
single people and families with grown up
kits
7 Doberman Dobermans are exceptionally
good hunters with perfect obedience
skills which is why families with kids
often think of adopting one as a pet on
the one hand it makes sense as these
dogs have well developed instinct to
protect pups on the other hand they also
have a strong desire to dominate it'll
take a lot of training to make the dog
remember that your kids are masters just
as you are and that they need not only
protection but also respect finally you
need to choose a young dog for adoption
with great care as this breed has
suffered greatly from unscrupulous
breeding Dobermans are in fifth place on
the intelligence of dogs rating six
husky if you adopt a Siberian Husky be
ready to get another child who is most
even
energetic and demands tons of attention
and hours of walks
this breed isn't aggressive at all but
this doesn't mean you can leave such a
pooch alone with your little kids a
husky is a strong big playful dog and
can express its emotions by jumping at a
kid this may hurt or scare a young child
so you'll need to teach the dog to show
its feelings in the proper way you
should think carefully before adopting a
dog of this breed into a family with
little kids or buying a husky as a first
dog
the Huskies position and the
intelligence of dogs rating is 7
seven out of 138 five Basenji the other
name for this Booch is african barkless
talk at first sight it's an ideal pet it
doesn't smell it doesn't make noise and
it's easy on the eye
unfortunately this coin has another side
the senses are unstoppably curious and
highly intelligent as a result they are
prone to disobedience these dogs occupy
the second-to-last place and the
intelligence of dogs rating dog breeders
state that this pup may know all the
commands perfectly well however every
time you give a command the dog decides
whether it wants to obey or not
in addition these dogs are unsurpassed
in the art of escape they can't even be
stopped by fences climbing over them
with practiced ease before adopting this
dog you need to consider whether you'll
be able to pay the animal as much
attention as you do to your kids for
alibi The Alibi aka Central Asian
shepherd dog looks like a fluffy white
bear but don't let yourself be fooled
this is an exceptionally strong and big
dog the dogs of this breed make perfect
protectors but at the same time they
tend to dominate this is why an alibi
who is taken into a family with little
kids will need a full training course
it's a necessary step to teach the dog
the hierarchy in the family alibis can
be pretty slow to obey commands and if
the pooch has for example not your kid
down it may take time before the pet
reacts to your shout if you're an
inexperienced dog owner dreaming of an
animal that looks like a fluffy bear up
for a Newfoundland or st. Bernard three
chihuahua the Chihuahua is considered to
be the smallest breed these dogs are
usually aware of their fragility and
that's why they don't particularly trust
children a small kid can perceive this
dog more like a toy than a living being
besides most dogs of this breed are like
children themselves they
attached to one owner and become really
jealous if someone else appears in their
masters life if a chihuahua isn't
trained it may start to bite and its
teeth while tiny are very sharp this
dog's place and the intelligence of dogs
rating is 125 to Pekinese the most
prominent feature of any Pekinese is its
self-centeredness most Pekinese dislike
children who make too much noise and try
to touch or cuddle them a Pekinese won't
stand for such behavior if its owners
haven't bothered with training the dog
can even bite you may get lucky and have
a pup with a different character but if
you want a pet that will definitely love
your kids consider another breed beacon
these dogs are 132nd in the intelligence
of dogs rating one Corgi they say a
Corgi is a small Shepherd dog who
believes it's big any conscientious dog
breeder should warn you that this breed
isn't the best where families with kids
or soft-hearted people who will spoil
the pup young corgis can easily become
aggressive after they have tested their
boundaries and realize that they can get
away with a lot because come on these
pups are so sweet this is especially
true for male dogs it's pretty hard to
change this behavior once the dog is
used to an absence of authority
corgis our Shepherd dogs so your pet may
develop a habit of gathering kids and
herding them someplace they consider
safe this sounds cute unless you know
that the dog herds the little ones by
biting their legs naturally this may
scare your kid however corgis are pretty
high on the list of the intelligence of
dogs they occupy 11th place out of 138
which dog were you most surprised to
find on this list tell us in the
comments below remember to hit the like
button share this video with your
friends and subscribe to this channel to
join us on the bright side of life
you